Skip to
content
Kaggle

Create
Home

Competitions

Datasets

Models

Benchmarks

Game Arena

Code

Discussions

Learn

More

Your Work


Viewed

AI Mathematical Olympiad - Progress Prize 3


ARC Prize 2025


Jigsaw - Agile Community Rules Classification


OLD JIGSAW competition


deberta-v3-small-offline


Edited

notebook14a1afddab


notebook7e764f8afa


SRS_Master


SRS Shield-and-Rebuild — Baseline (calibrated


View Active Events

Search

Kaggle uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
OK, Got it.
AI|MO · Featured Code Competition · 4 months to go

Join Competition
AI Mathematical Olympiad - Progress Prize 3
Solve international-level math challenges using artificial intelligence models


Dataset Description
The competition data comprises 110 mathematics problems similar in style to those of the AIME.

The answer to each problem is a non-negative integer between 0 and 99999, inclusive.

You should expect the problems to be roughly ranging in difficulty from a national Olympiad to the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO), with some problems being slightly easier and some being slightly harder.

All problems are text-only with mathematical notation in LaTeX. Please see the Overview, Section Note on Language and Notation for details on the notational conventions used.

Although some problems may involve geometry, diagrams are not used in any problem.

The public test set comprises exactly 50 problems, and the private test set comprises a further distinct set of 50 problems. We also provide a selection of 10 problems for use as reference, called "reference data". A pdf with full solutions to the problems from the reference data can be found below. The problems in the private and public sets have been selected to balance both difficulty and subject area. Their difficulty and subject distribution is similar.

Competition Data
Please note that this is a Code Competition. You must submit to this competition using the provided Python evaluation API, which serves the test set question by question in random order. To use the API, follow the example in this notebook: AIMO 3 Submission Demo.

We give a few placeholder problems in the publicly visible test.csv file to help you author your submissions. These problems are not representative of the problems in the actual test set.

When your submission is scored, this placeholder test data will be replaced with the actual test data.

Private Set Rerun
Because of the limited number of problems available, we are taking special precautions to secure the test set against probing. Among other things, during the submission period, the test set will comprise only the 50 public set problems. Once the competition ends, we will rerun all model submissions twice on the 50 private set problems. The overall score is an average accuracy score as described on the Evaluation page. You should attempt to make sure your submission will complete successfully on the 50 new private set problems. This may mean ensuring your submission is robust to unexpected inputs, or managing runtime and memory usage. A submission must complete successfully on both private set reruns or it will not be scored.

Files
reference.csv - Contains 10 problems for use as reference data.
test.csv - Contains 50 problems. Please note that the problems visible here are only placeholders. Your submission will have access to the full set of problems during scoring.
sample_submission.csv - A sample submission file in the correct format. See the Evaluation page for more information on the submission format.
Fields
id - A unique identifier for each problem.
problem - A LaTeX statement of the problem to be solved.
answer - An integer from 0 to 99999, inclusive.
Files
15 files

Size
741.26 kB

Type
py, csv, pdf + 1 other

License
CC BY-SA 4.0

AIMO3_Reference_Problems.pdf(676.7 kB)
Competition Rules


To see this data you need to agree to the competition rules.
Join the competition to view the data.


Join the competition
Data Explorer
741.26 kB

kaggle_evaluation

AIMO3_Reference_Problems.pdf

reference.csv

sample_submission.csv

test.csv

Summary
15 files

7 columns


Download All
kaggle competitions download -c ai-mathematical-olympiad-progress-prize-3
Download data

Metadata
License
CC BY-SA 4.0
